This hilarious new prank just became
possible in Minecraft because of the
newest snapshot. Let me explain. To get
food, loads of people will get two of an
animal, fence them in, and then start
breeding them. And animals take 20
minutes to grow up. So, most people will
leave the area and do something more
valuable with their time while they
wait. And this gives you the chance to
do a little trolling. Mojang just added
the golden dandelion to Minecraft. And
this stops baby animals from growing up
if you feed them one. Eternal babies are
visually exactly the same as normal
babies. And the only way to tell if it's
an eternal baby is by trying to feed it.
Because eternal babies won't accept
food. So, if you feed the babies golden
dandelions without your friends seeing,
they'll go insane, not knowing why their
babies refuse to grow